.TH "zio.node.Node" 3 "Tue Feb 4 2020" "ZIO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zio.node.Node
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, \fBnick\fP, \fBorigin\fP=0, hostname='127\&.0\&.0\&.1')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__str__\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBport\fP (self, name, stype=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBonline\fP (self, headers)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBoffline\fP (self)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnick\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBorigin\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBports\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpeer\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
A vertex in a ported graph with ZIO edges

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 9 of file node\&.py\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def zio\&.node\&.Node\&.__init__ ( self,  nick,  origin = \fC0\fP,  hostname = \fC'127\&.0\&.0\&.1'\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Create a node.

A node has a nickname.  It may assert a unique origin number.
A hostname may be specified for default binds of its ports or
one will attempt to be autodetected.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file node\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def zio\&.node\&.Node\&.__str__ ( self)"

.PP
Definition at line 27 of file node\&.py\&.
.SS "def zio\&.node\&.Node\&.offline ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Bring node offline.

This will cause all ports to disconnect and unbind and the
peer to be destroyed.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file node\&.py\&.
.SS "def zio\&.node\&.Node\&.online ( self,  headers)"

.PP
.nf
Bring node online.

The node will advertise a number of ZIO headers based on the
ports that have been prepared.  Additional application headers
may also be included.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file node\&.py\&.
.SS "def zio\&.node\&.Node\&.port ( self,  name,  stype = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Return a port.

If the port with this name exists, return it.  Otherwise,
create one with the given ZeroMQ socket type.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file node\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "zio\&.node\&.Node\&.nick"

.PP
Definition at line 22 of file node\&.py\&.
.SS "zio\&.node\&.Node\&.origin"

.PP
Definition at line 23 of file node\&.py\&.
.SS "zio\&.node\&.Node\&.peer"

.PP
Definition at line 62 of file node\&.py\&.
.SS "zio\&.node\&.Node\&.ports"

.PP
Definition at line 25 of file node\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ZIO from the source code\&.
